[All Hosts] (webviews) emphasize webview terms instead of brower terms (#4018)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/includes/es5-support.md

> For [some versions of Office and Windows](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md), the JavaScript engine in which add-ins run is linked to the Trident webwiew that is provided by Internet Explorer. This engine does not support versions of JavaScript later than ES5. This means that without special handling, the JavaScript files that your add-in serves cannot use syntax, types, or methods that were added to the language after ES5. This does not mean that you must *write* in ES5 syntax. You have two other options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [some versions of Office and Windows](../concepts/browsers-used-by-office-web-add-ins.md), the JavaScript engine in which add-ins run is linked to the Trident webview that's provided by Internet Explorer. This engine doesn't support versions of JavaScript later than ES5. This means that without special handling, the JavaScript files that your add-in serves cannot use syntax, types, or methods that were added to the language after ES5. This doesn't mean that you must *write* in ES5 syntax. You have two other options:
```
